I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa Pig.
Basketball
It is a lovely sunny day.
Peppa and her friends
are in the school playground.
Children, today we have a special person
coming to teach you basketball.
Woo!
Hello!
Daddy, it isn't home time yet!
We've got a special teacher coming today.
That's me. I'm the coach.
A basketball teacher is called a coach.
Woo!
That's clever, Daddy.
Peppa, call me Coach!
OK, Daddy Coach.
Does anyone know how to play basketball?
No!
It's fun. You have to run, bounce the ball,
and throw it through the hoop.
Wow!
Easy peasy!
Oh!
It is not as easy as it looks.
To play basketball,
you need to train hard and keep fit.
Are you fit, Daddy Coach?
Yes, I'm super fit.
But Daddy Coach, you've got a big tummy.
This tummy is pure muscle.
First, I'll teach you how to get the ball
from here, to here.
I can do that.
No, Danny, you can't use your feet.
That's football.
Danny dog likes football.
In basketball, you bounce the ball
with your hands, like this.
Who wants a go?
Me, me, me!
Susie Sheep is bouncing the basketball
very carefully.
Well done, Susie.
Now, everyone try.
Everyone is learning how to bounce the ball.
Now, I'll teach you tackling.
What's tackling?
Tackling is try to get the ball
from another player, like this.
Try get the ball from me, George.
George is very good at tackling.
Now, throw the ball through the hoop.
You need just a bit more training there, George.
Let's have a little practice game.
Split into two teams.
Boys against girls.
The girls are in one team.
The boys are in the other.
That's not fair!
We've got little ones in our team.
Don't worry, the boys' team will still win.
Yeah, we're a super team!
Emily elephant is very good at
reaching high with her trunk.
Emily is using her trunk. It's not fair.
Shh, Peppa. She's on our side.
Oh yes, that is fair.
It's not fair.
We want Emily on our team.
No, she's on our team.
Stop arguing!
You can all then in the same team.
OK.
The children are all in one big team.
Oh, but who will we play?
Erm? Well…
Hello!
The parents have come to take the children home.
I know! You can play the grown-ups.
But they are bigger than us.
Ahhh! But you've been taught basketball
by Daddy Coach.
Yes, let's play them.
We're the children's team.
Yeah!
We're the grown-ups' team.
All right!
I'm quite good at kicking it.
Yes, well, this is basketball.
You throw the ball through the hoop.
But you can only use your hands.
Or your trunk.
But not your feet.
Ready? Steady? Go!
Mr. Elephant has the ball. Tackled by George.
Passed to Zoe Zebra. To Richard Rabbit.
And Peppa…throws it through the hoop.
Yippee!
The children have won!
Hooray!
All thanks to Daddy Coach.